Psalm 61 to the chief musician on a
stringed instrument a psalm of David
hear my cry O God attend to my prayer
from the end of the earth I will cry to
you when my heart is overwhelmed lead me
to the rock that is higher than I for
you have been a shelter for me a strong
tower from the enemy I will abide in
your tabernacle for ever I will trust in
the shelter of your wings for you O God
have heard my vows you have given me the
heritage of those who fear your name you
will prolong the King's life his years
as many generations he shall abide
before God forever Oh prepare mercy and
truth which may preserve him so I will
sing praise to your name forever
that I'm a daily perform my vows
[Music]